Connectors troubleshooting (#379)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/devguide/Connector/Troubleshooting/Investigating_a_protocol_thread_RTE.md

---
uid: Investigating_a_protocol_thread_RTE
---

# Investigating a protocol thread RTE

Below, you can read how you can find the root cause when the following alarm is shown in the Alarm Console:

```txt
Thread problem in SLProtocol.exe: [DriverName/DriverVersion] ElementName – Protocolthread
```

> ### User skills required

Reviewer: This line should probably start with just two '#' (i.e. ## User skills required). The linter in VS Code should give the following warning: MD001/heading-increment/header-increment: Heading levels should only increment by one level at a time [Expected: h2; Actual: h3]

- Basic knowledge of drivers.
- Basic knowledge of how to use DataMiner Cube.

### What does this alarm mean?

> This alarm indicates that the protocol thread that is used to execute polling or logical flows has stopped showing activity for a specific amount of time. By default, this time is 15 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This alarm indicates that the protocol thread that is used to execute polling or logical flows has stopped showing activity for a specific duration. By default, this duration is 15 minutes.
```
